Database (#895)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/database.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic example

> This example will create a new database for the MyNewInstance instance.  This example expects that the database for instance MyNewInstance doesn't exist, if it does, it will say it already exists and won't do anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a new database for the `MyNewInstance` instance.  This example expects the database for instance `MyNewInstance` doesn't exist, if it does, it will say it already exists and won't do anything:
```
